if the economy is so strong then why are
the markets freaking out let me ask you
that what we are looking at today is
truly a circumstance that is not
necessarily never happened before but I
couldn't help but notice the
similarities to 2007 in fact there are
many indicators right now that are
flashing red and we're going to talk
about that today one of the things one
of the aspects here is that stocks are
still near an all-time high yes they
have come down we see a lot of red
recently but it's not necessarily one in
which everybody is freaking out however
certain indicators are starting to flash
and we've got to pay attention I'll tell
you why if you look at it the bond
market the message from it has been very
clear the FED is tightening and that
hurts so that has shown up recently as
well as the fact that the markets and
businesses can now only persist assist
with ultra low rates and as you see
we've been going on here over the past
year in an increasing rate environment
longer than we ever predicted it would
be going for at least that's what the
investors thought and here we are here
we have it it is causing havoc and so
now we have to see what is all in front
of us I will show you the details you
need to know beginning with extreme fear
returning to the US Stock Market it's
very funny how this works the fear and
greed index there's many different
variations of this but when I see the
fear and greed index I think it's funny
because the fear comes in almost
instantly like two days of fear and we
go all the way to one side but the
extreme greed it takes a lot longer it
takes like weeks and weeks and weeks and
weeks of this go on it's funny how
slanted it really is all you need to
know from that is that these markets
right now are a little bit fearful
they're a little bit over sold and why
is that the case well of course we're
seeing many factors come into play
higher oil prices as I'll show you in a
second and other things really going
towards recession and so on so that
being said we need to factor in how
relevant is this for you like should you
even care well if the Market's going to
go higher and jobs are still going to be
there then no you shouldn't but there's
a cost for concern we'll talk about that
here we have it oil prices finish at the
highest levels in a year inching closer
and closer to $100 a barrel if they get
too high then that slows the economy
down considerably some people are saying
150 is very obvious JP Morgan has said
that uh others other big Banks other you
know high-profile people have come in
and said $150 a barrel seems rather
likely now usually that's the way it
works when something is in a bull market
they just keep putting higher and higher
price targets but it is possible it all
depends on China as well as the rest of
the world if China is going to slow down
that would bring everything down along
with it there's more to that of course
US Treasury yield curves are moving
towards or above 5% raising the risk
something may break this is very
confusing for some people I know and you
could see it for yourself when we are
getting these high rates of returns yes
that poses a problem it poses it simply
because a lot of these Banks as they
mentioned in this article like svb they
had really run into a problem you see
there are long duration and that means
you know they're trying to get into you
know they got to have a return for their
customers okay if you're a customer with
svb or maybe it's JP Morgan Chase or TD
or whatever it is you have to get some
sort of return now if they want to keep
you as a customer they're going to have
to give you higher rates how do they get
that well they have to invest in
something that is giving them a higher
return and so they can certainly loan
that out to you as a customer they can
figure these different things but what
have we noticed over the past few years
or the past year at least is that
deposits are flowing out of these Banks
and so they're panicking try to offer
higher higher rates at the same time
they were investing in things that were
not yielding very good for a long time
like you know you were getting these
30-year bonds and 10year bonds and all
of these things that the banks would
consider safe they had very little yield
they had very little return so they're
holding on to that so now that the rates
have climbed up considerably they're
losing they've lost on that investment
and so how are they going to go and sell
that investment without taking a big
loss of course they can't and they
realize this that's why you had SC svb
that's why you got all these problems
and so we have people like Michael GED
who has come out saying it has begun
done we are in the credit event
suggesting that this is the time in
which a major deflation will occur he's
put his name behind that we'll see what
happens he's only one individual of
course you know how it works but it
leads me to this this is from real
investment advice and here we have it
the FED funds rate and crisis and you
could see you know it's a matter of fact
every single time
the Federal Reserve increases interest
rates we have a problem we have a
recession we have a crisis we have an
issue that is then resolved by cutting
interest rates and you have to
understand this this pattern happens
over and over and over and over again
you don't need to be a genius you don't
need to be a soothsayer you don't need
anything you simply need to look and
understand that eventually at some point
something snaps and when that does
happen well depending on where it breaks
first we have a chain of events that
follows but that's going on right now
and that really is the center of all of
this the Federal Reserve is increasing
rates it's causing problems in the bond
market number one because it's happening
so fast but also markets investors
businesses they've all been programmed
that interest rates are going to stay
low forever we were told that we were
even told that inflation will be
transitory can you believe that how
stupid was that people believed it a lot
of investors believe it the YouTubers
kept saying it it's nonsense but that's
where we're at okay so we have this and
I need you to be aware of that because
they have yet to cut interest rates at
some point they will and when they do
they are going to create massive
inflation it's going to be
devastating we're just waiting for it to
happen there are things you can do
actions you can take that you must be
aware of we'll talk about that at the
end of today's video what's next you may
ask we're going to look at that and uh a
lot of the uh circumstances have already
unfolded and they're not positive of
course I talk about it all the time
Central Bank digital currency where
they're going with this the basically
cashless society and so on if you want
to get your hands on some Financial
advice if you want somebody to be there
to talk to and you want it to be free I
linked up with this company right here
and it's uh money pickle yes that's the
name money pickle you can check it out I
got the link in the description for you
and basically what this is is uh cfps
and
fiduciaries ready and willing to help
you for 45 minutes for free and you do
what you want in that 45 minutes they
answer any questions why not take the
offer totally free link is in the
description here we have buenos Aries
Central Square becomes a nighttime soup
kitchen as poverty hits
40% quite
unbelievable um to to see that I mean
you know it's gotten worse than even I
expected it this fast uh but that's the
way that inflation works it it's
parabolic it gets worse and worse and
worse and worse and worse and crushes
people so we've got to pay attention to
inflation now before it gets too bad
Costco is selling gold bars and they are
selling out within a few hours first of
all if you know usually Costco you buy
in bulk over there I don't know if
you're buying in bulk uh for the gold
bars too but here we have it you can see
it for yourself with this one particular
instance of people taking action they're
saying I'm going to go to Costco I'm
going to buy the gold I'm going to buy
gold because I want to protect my wealth
against
inflation 60% of Americans are still
living paycheck the paycheck has
inflation hits workers wages is I had to
check the date on this because I could
have sworn I've mentioned this a 100
times before it's always the same 60%
70% you know all these numbers most
people are living paycheck to paycheck
is it just you know the the people that
are really struggling on minimum wage
that are living paycheck to paycheck no
it's anybody you go 250 all the way down
people are struggling well maybe you
could argue that that's because they
don't have the right mindset or they
spend too much money or this and that
sure that could absolutely play a role
but in a lot of cases things are just
much much more expensive than they were
before where that salary let's say the
house price would have been 30% of the
total salary the rent would have been
30% then it jumps up it becomes 60% when
your food and your energy and everything
else suddenly that puts a big squeeze on
you it happens so fast I know I've seen
your comments before how many times how
many times are we going to encounter
this before we start realizing this is
adding up part of my voice here today
Major retail CEOs warn of dire
shoplifting epidemic after 112 billion
dollars in losses causing chains to take
drastic measures and we've seen this all
over the place you can look at this one
by one by one it's not just Philadelphia
as you see in this case here but it is
shocking so let me tell you some of the
actions you can take stocks which have
no present value are at high risk okay
you got to understand this if the
company's business model relies on some
future payment some future investors
some future idea these are not the
companies to be investing in right now
yes you can dabble in that you can
gamble in that but you don't want to put
life savings in there understand that
know what their business model is at the
same time it looks more likely that
banks are in trouble so watch your
exposure yeah you might not be invested
in Banks but what about where your
deposits are what about when One bank is
with another the counterparty risk you
got insurance companies like all these
things are connected and as well as you
the individual watch your exposure
overall to these Banks it's very big
concern okay I'm not so concerned about
the deposits because it looks like the
Federal Reserve is going to print a
whole bunch of money money and give it
out just watch your exposure those are
the things that you need to take action
on today okay those two things watch
those uh I also wanted to let you know
that with compass you're going to be
able to start your financial Journey
it's very clear to me that most people
don't have the basic Financial education
and so right here your financial Journey
starts here that is compass the money
gps.com the money gps.com is totally
free why not check it out theone gps.com
and then we have this David I just
checked out the com this is the comment
of the day and of course it was a plug
so I had to mention it uh thank you for
the comment I just checked out compass
and it is really great at first I
thought the multiple one minute videos
were too much but then each one is
distilled in into the essence of years
of experience and hard Lessons Learned
thank you for doing what you do and even
more respect that you don't even have a
pay wall yes that's right there is no
pay wall on that there is no email
needed there's no ads there's no nothing
it's totally there for free the money
gps.com I want to thank you for being
here today thank you for putting up both
my voice I appreciate you if you
appreciate me hit that Thumbs Up Button
each and every day I bring you the
latest and greatest information I'll
talk to you next time take care